So, dear robots, our tour is coming to an end.
Ivan, allow me to put it this way.
Resistance is expected.
Does it seem like to me, or does it resemble a phallus?
What was it created for? For the purpose of
destroying as many people as quickly as possible,
all of it seems like a strange venture, which, seems to
have ended sadly. Yes, honestly speaking,
it was probably used only a couple of times.
Honestly speaking,
nothing more was needed. It's fair to say that it killed people.
But no,
in reality, it was hubris that destroyed humanity,
believing itself to be the pinnacle of creation.
People polluted the water,
destroyed the earth, and contaminated the air.
They were not destroyed by a nuclear winter,
but by a long and meaningless sunset.
Self-esteem, are you okay? Yes, excuse me, that sounded better,
than not. They died of their own stupidity,
you can't scare like that.
At least you could have warned.
I understand that it's not the future, but it seems,
I've understood it all. An ecological disaster doomed humanity, yes,
partially, yes. And then there's the development of genetic engineering,
which allowed cats to be endowed with opposable thumbs, yes.
When we learned how to open a can of tuna,
it was the end for the human race, but that's harsh, Lord,
after all, I'm a cat, just in case, you won't explode,
If you stop petting, right, I didn't say that.
Of course, it's better
to never stop, but we don't know that.
By the way, I brought friends.
Oh, your mother, how pleasant.
As I mentioned below, I suppose,
the vacation will have to be extended, right?
Yes.